Add more docs on KV matching (#721)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/observability/how_to_guides/filter_traces_in_application.mdx

![Filtering](./static/search_kv_filter_shortcut.png)

> ## Example on filtering using output key-value pairs: filter tool calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example of filtering using output key-value pairs: filter tool calls
```

As an example of filtering on key-value pairs, let's suppose that you wanted to filter traces for tool calls.

> In this case, let's assuming this is your output you want to filter for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, let's assume this is the output you want to filter for:
```

| `generations.message.kwargs.id`                    | `run-ca7f7531-f4de-4790-9c3e-960be7f8b109`                                   |
| `generations.message.kwargs.tool_calls.name`       | `Plan`                                                                       |
| `generations.message.kwargs.tool_calls.args.steps` | `Research LangGraph's node configuration capabilities`                       |
| `generations.message.kwargs.tool_calls.args.steps` | `Investigate how to add a Python code execution node`                        |
| `generations.message.kwargs.tool_calls.args.steps` | `Find an example or create a sample implementation of a code execution node` |
| `generations.message.kwargs.tool_calls.id`         | `toolu_01XexPzAVknT3gRmUB5PK5BP`                                             |
| `generations.message.kwargs.tool_calls.type`       | `tool_call`                                                                  |
| `type`                                             | `LLMResult`                                                                  |

To search for tool calls, you can use the following search:

> 

Reviewer 2: The example here should focus on `generations.message.kwargs.tool_calls.name` -- that's by far the most common use-case. People want to filter for LLM runs in which invoke tool X, where X is the name of the tool

Author: Sound sgood, updated 👍

`generations.message.kwargs.tool_calls.type` = `tool_call`

![Filtering](./static/search_kv_tool.png)

This will match runs where the `tool_calls` type is `tool_call`.

> 

Reviewer 2: I would also recommend adding an example with a "tree filter" which allows the user to filter to filter Traces (root runs) that contain an LLM run with tool call X

Author: Added an example for tree filter 👍
